Update kafka recommendations (#72)
nodeshift/nodejs-reference-architecture: docs/functional-components/message-queuing.md

recommended by the messaging groups within the `teams`
organizations for performance, features, and protocol compatibility.
One of it's strengths is that is based on the same
[librdkafka](https://github.com/edenhill/librdkafka), maintained
by the Kafka project and used by most language clients. **However**
it is in the midst of a maintenance challenge that it does not
seem to be pulling out of (for example at the time this was written
node-rdkafka does not build on Node.js version 16).

[KafkaJS][] is a newer Node.js 
Kafka client which is more actively maintained and is growing in
popularity. It's pure JavaScript implementation makes it
easier to install and use.  While we don't have past history of real-world
experience with the KafkaJS client, we have reviewed the features
and usage versus node-rdkafka and it compares favorably. The one
potential caveat is with respect to performance where node-rdkafka, likely
due to its use of [librdkafka](https://github.com/edenhill/librdkafka),
comes out ahead. While the difference a simple benchmark is quite
significant, whether that matters for a real-world application will
depend on the application.

At this point our recommendation is: 

> * if you need the highest possibe performance, are

Author: ```suggestion
* if you need the highest possible performance or longest track record of production use and are
```
